## Quilt Backend Service

---
### Requirements

For development, you will only need Node.js and a node global package, Yarn, installed in your environement.

### Node
- #### Node installation on Windows

  Just go on [official Node.js website](https://nodejs.org/) and download the installer.
Also, be sure to have `git` available in your PATH, `npm` might need it (You can find git [here](https://git-scm.com/)).

- #### Node installation on Ubuntu

  You can install nodejs and npm easily with apt install, just run the following commands.

```bash
sudo apt install nodejs
sudo apt install npm
```

- #### Other Operating Systems
  You can find more information about the installation on the [official Node.js website](https://nodejs.org/) and the [official NPM website](https://npmjs.org/).

If the installation was successful, you should be able to run the following command.

```bash
node --version
v8.11.3

npm --version
6.1.0
```
If you need to update `npm`, you can make it using `npm`! Cool right? After running the following command, just open again the command line and be happy.

`npm install npm -g`

### Yarn installation
  After installing node, this project will need yarn too, so just run the following command.

`npm install -g yarn`    

---

## Project Installation

```bash
git clone https://github.com/YOUR_USERNAME/PROJECT_TITLE
cd PROJECT_TITLE
npm install 
npm start
```

Project will run on port no- *8888*

---

### Overview

#### Main database containers:
<br>

**1. Keywords Table Master *~730 MB***
- Info related to keyword gen erated from reviews in dashboard i.e it is parent or child keyword, it is synonyms or domain specific or review specific keyword with all its associated keywords

**2.  Category Table Master *~9 GB***
- Info related to categories. i.e it is brand or product, its review Count, name, parentId.

**3. Reference Table Master *~83 GB***
- Info related at brand level. i.e keywords and reviews associated with that brand, brand name.

**4.  Review Tables *~270 GB***

- To store the reviews

## API's 

 ## /fetchBrandsCategories
  - To get categories and brand from categoryTableMaster container 

### /fetchKeywords
- To fetch the keywords and reviewsCount from referenceTableMaster and keywordsTableMaster

### /fetchReviews
- To fetch reviews of brand from referenceTableMaster and respective reviewsTable.

### /fetchSentimentDistribution
- To fetch sentiment from referenceTableMaster with brandID, keywordId, reviewTime and score to plot in a chart

### /updateReview
- To get single review from review Table for sentiment distribution chart.

### /saveDashboard
- To save the dashboard generated by the user in userData container.

### /getSavedDashboards
- Get saved dashboard for particular user from userData container.

### /shareDashboard
- Generated powerpoint presentation and share it over email and store in userData container.

### /getSharedDashboards
- Get shared powerpoint presentation from userData container.

### /saveTopCategoriesBrands
- Save every hit for categories and brand in userData container.

### /fetchTopCategories
- Get top categories from userData container based on most hits.

### /fetchTopBrands
- Get top brands from userData container based on most hits.
